---
layout: products
title: Terms & Conditions — Hangfire
active: overview
sub_active: terms-and-conditions
article_type: policy
---

<h1 class="page-header">Terms & Conditions</h1>

<p>These terms and conditions (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) set forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the <a href="https://www.hangfire.io">hangfire.io</a> website (&#8220;Website&#8221; or &#8220;Service&#8221;) and any of its related products and services (collectively, &#8220;Services&#8221;). This Agreement is legally binding between you (&#8220;User&#8221;, &#8220;you&#8221; or &#8220;your&#8221;) and Hangfire OÜ (&#8220;Hangfire OÜ&#8221;, &#8220;we&#8221;, &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;). If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms &#8220;User&#8221;, &#8220;you&#8221; or &#8220;your&#8221; shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, you must not accept this agreement and may not access and use the Website and Services. By accessing and using the Website and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and Hangfire OÜ, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Website and Services.</p>
<div class="wpembed-toc"><h3>Table of contents</h3><ol class="wpembed-toc"><li><a href="#accounts-and-membership">Accounts and membership</a></li><li><a href="#user-content">User content</a></li><li><a href="#billing-and-payments">Billing and payments</a></li><li><a href="#accuracy-of-information">Accuracy of information</a></li><li><a href="#backups">Backups</a></li><li><a href="#links-to-other-resources">Links to other resources</a></li><li><a href="#prohibited-uses">Prohibited uses</a></li><li><a href="#intellectual-property-rights">Intellectual property rights</a></li><li><a href="#disclaimer-of-warranty">Disclaimer of warranty</a></li><li><a href="#limitation-of-liability">Limitation of liability</a></li><li><a href="#indemnification">Indemnification</a></li><li><a href="#changes-and-amendments">Changes and amendments</a></li><li><a href="#acceptance-of-these-terms">Acceptance of these terms</a></li><li><a href="#contacting-us">Contacting us</a></li></ol></div><h2 id="accounts-and-membership">Accounts and membership</h2>
<p>You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Website and Services. By using the Website and Services and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age. If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and start using the Services. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services. We may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.</p>
<h2 id="user-content">User content</h2>
<p>We do not own any data, information or material (collectively, &#8220;Content&#8221;) that you submit on the Website in the course of using the Service. You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review the Content on the Website submitted or created using our Services by you. You grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our own sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Website and Services does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose.</p>
<h2 id="billing-and-payments">Billing and payments</h2>
<p>You shall pay all fees or charges to your account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. If auto-renewal is enabled for the Services you have subscribed for, you will be charged automatically in accordance with the term you selected. We reserve the right to change products and product pricing at any time. We also reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per company or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.</p>
<h2 id="accuracy-of-information">Accuracy of information</h2>
<p>Occasionally there may be information on the Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, availability, promotions and offers. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Website or Services is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on the Website including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied on the Website should be taken to indicate that all information on the Website or Services has been modified or updated.</p>
<h2 id="backups">Backups</h2>
<p>We perform regular backups of the Website and its Content and will do our best to ensure completeness and accuracy of these backups. In the event of the hardware failure or data loss we will restore backups automatically to minimize the impact and downtime.</p>
<h2 id="links-to-other-resources">Links to other resources</h2>
<p>Although the Website and Services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access through a link on the Website. Your linking to any other off-site resources is at your own risk.</p>
<h2 id="prohibited-uses">Prohibited uses</h2>
<p>In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website and Services or Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Website and Services, third party products and services, or the Internet; (h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (i) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (j) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Website and Services, third party products and services, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Website and Services for violating any of the prohibited uses.</p>
<h2 id="intellectual-property-rights">Intellectual property rights</h2>
<p>&#8220;Intellectual Property Rights&#8221; means all present and future rights conferred by statute, common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related rights, trademarks, designs, patents, inventions, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights to inventions, rights to use, and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection and any other results of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Hangfire OÜ or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Hangfire OÜ. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website and Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Hangfire OÜ or its licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website and Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of Hangfire OÜ or third party trademarks.</p>
<h2 id="disclaimer-of-warranty">Disclaimer of warranty</h2>
<p>You agree that such Service is provided on an &#8220;as is&#8221; and &#8220;as available&#8221; basis and that your use of the Website and Services is solely at your own risk. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; nor do we make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the Service or that defects in the Service will be corrected. You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of Service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. We make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Service or any transactions entered into through the Service unless stated otherwise. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.</p>
<h2 id="limitation-of-liability">Limitation of liability</h2>
<p>To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Hangfire OÜ, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Hangfire OÜ and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount no greater than one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Hangfire OÜ for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.</p>
<h2 id="indemnification">Indemnification</h2>
<p>You agree to indemnify and hold Hangfire OÜ and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website and Services or any willful misconduct on your part.</p>
<h2 id="changes-and-amendments">Changes and amendments</h2>
<p>We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its terms related to the Website and Services at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the contact information you have provided.</p>
<p>An updated version of this Agreement will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Agreement unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Website and Services after the effective date of the revised Agreement (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes.</p>
<h2 id="acceptance-of-these-terms">Acceptance of these terms</h2>
<p>You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Website and Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to access or use the Website and Services.</p>
<h2 id="contacting-us">Contacting us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this Agreement, we encourage you to contact us using the details below:</p>
<p><a href="&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#058;sup&#112;&#111;r&#116;&#64;&#104;&#97;ngf&#105;r&#101;.io">s&#117;&#112;port&#64;han&#103;fi&#114;&#101;.io</a><br/>Ahtri 12, Tallinn, Harju County 15551, Estonia</p>
<p>This document was last updated on May 8, 2023</p>
