---
title: Hangfire 1.5.0-beta3
category: [release, hangfire-core]
author: odinserj
---

Version 1.5.0 will open many types that were internal in previous versions of Hangfire, like `Worker` or `IBackgroundFactory`, to enable you to have completely custom background processing. This release simplifies the usage of these types, of course only to decrease the amount of questions on forums :smiley:.

1.5.0-beta3 comes with refactored `Hangfire.States` namespace – I was ashamed to make the `IStateMachineFactoryFactory` interface public (I believe FactoryFactory is an absolute evil). Worker identifiers are now auto-generated and based on GUIDs to prevent us from id collisions. Please read the GitHub [release notes](https://github.com/HangfireIO/Hangfire/releases/tag/v1.5.0-beta3) for some more details.

### Filters for Processing state

Perhaps, this is the most important change in this release, apart from refactoring. Thanks to Andrew Young (@yngndrw on GitHub) for addressing the problem and fixing the original silly behavior, now Worker background process does not process a background job when it was unable to move it to the *processing* state.

This change allows us to intercept the moment when a worker fetches a background job to process it, and move it to other state than *processing* depending on some conditions.

* *Deleted* to consider it cancelled (timeout elapsed, for example).
* *Enqueued* to move it to the end of the queue (other jobs need to be processed, for example).
* *Scheduled* to postpone its execution (can't come up with an example, it's your turn).

For example, here is the simplest implementation of a timeout filter, where you specify the timeout in hours, and the job is moved to the *deleted* state instead of processing.

<pre><code><span class="keywd">public</span> <span class="keywd">sealed</span> <span class="keywd">class</span> <span class="type">TimeoutAttribute</span> : <span class="type">JobFilterAttribute</span>, <span class="type">IElectStateFilter</span>
{
    <span class="keywd">private</span> <span class="keywd">readonly</span> <span class="keywd">int</span> _hours;

    <span class="keywd">public</span> TimeoutAttribute(<span class="keywd">int</span> hours)
    {
        _hours = hours;
    }

    <span class="keywd">public</span> <span class="keywd">void</span> OnStateElection(<span class="type">ElectStateContext</span> context)
    {
        <span class="keywd">if</span> (context.CandidateState <span class="keywd">is</span> <span class="type">ProcessingState</span>)
        {
            <span class="keywd">if</span> (context.BackgroundJob.CreatedAt.AddHours(_hours) &lt; <span class="type">DateTime</span>.UtcNow)
            {
                context.CandidateState = <span class="keywd">new</span> <span class="type">DeletedState</span>();
            }
        }
    }
}   
</code></pre>

### Cancellation Tokens

It is possible now to use `CancellationToken` type in your job method parameters. Before calling a method, Hangfire will replace it with its own token that will fire on `BackgroundJobServer` instance shutdown.

<pre><code><span class="keywd">public</span> <span class="keywd">void</span> AbortOnShutdownOnly(<span class="type">CancellationToken</span> cancellationToken)
{
    <span class="keywd">for</span> (<span class="keywd">var</span> i = 0; i &lt; 100000; i++)
    {
        <span class="type">Thread</span>.Sleep(1000);
        cancellationToken.ThrowIfCancellationRequested();
    }
}

<span class="comm">// Use CancellationToken.None or any other value</span>
<span class="type">BackgroundJob</span>.Enqueue(() =&gt; AbortOnShutdownOnly(<span class="type">CancellationToken</span>.None));  
</code></pre>

If you want your methods to be aborted during a state change (for example, after clicking the `Delete` or `Requeue` button in the dashboard), use the `IJobCancellationToken` interface, that fires in both cases: server shutdown *and* state change.

<pre><code><span class="keywd">public</span> <span class="keywd">void</span> AbortOnShutdownAndStateChange(<span class="type">IJobCancellationToken</span> cancellationToken)
{
    <span class="keywd">for</span> (<span class="keywd">var</span> i = 0; i &lt; 100000; i++)
    {
        <span class="type">Thread</span>.Sleep(1000);
        cancellationToken.ThrowIfCancellationRequested();
    }
}

<span class="type">BackgroundJob</span>.Enqueue(() =&gt; AbortOnShutdownAndStateChange(<span class="type">JobCancellationToken</span>.Null));
</code></pre>
