---
title: Hangfire 1.6.5
author: odinserj
category: release
---

This correcting release contains a **lot of stability improvements** for Hangfire.SqlServer, especially for SQL Azure Database environments. Processing is now more predictable even in Basic pricing tier, there is a special harness application that's running 24/7 to ensure everything is fine. Some problems related to I18N, authorisation and continuations were also fixed.

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Chinese language to Dashboard UI (by @andy-zhouyou).
* **Changed** – Default upper limit of worker number is 20.
* **Changed** – Default value for DashboardJobListLimit is now 10000.
* **Fixed** – Deserialization exception in continuations, when `TypeNameHandling.All` option is used (by  @MaksimSimkin).
* **Fixed** – I18N is not working, because there are no localized resources in NuGet packages.
* **Fixed** – Infinite redirect loops, when authenticated, but not authorized user accesses Dashboard UI.
* **Fixed** – "The type ... exists in both..." issue when building Hangfire, related to `Newtonsoft.Json`.
* **Fixed** – Use the given type's method, when scope variable is passed to a job expression.
* **Fixed** – Very rare resource leaks detected by Coverity Scan.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – Different timeout issues after making performance optimisations.
* **Fixed** – SQL timeouts while getting a connection, when using default settings and &ge; 8 CPU cores.
* **Fixed** – `ExpirationManager` is bloated by `SqlError` instances, when there are a lot of messages from server.
* **Fixed** – Counters query returned inconsistent results during `CountersAggregator` executions.
* **Performance** – Added missing `NOLOCK` hint for monitoring queries when using SqlServer-based queues.
* **Performance** – `ExpirationManager` is forced to use index seek operations for cascade deletions.
* **Performance** – `CountersAggregator` now uses clustered index scan to issue less logical reads.
* **Performance** – Paging queries in dashboard now use CTEs to utilize less logical reads.
