---
title: Hangfire 1.6.18
author: odinserj
category: [release, hangfire-core]
---

This release contains a lot of fixes, but the most important ones are related to .NET Core and ASP.NET Core frameworks. Filters based on attributes are now working fine there, and `DisplayName` decoration will finally bring the human-ready name for your jobs. Other fixes are mostly related to dashboard.

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Add on option to remove the storage connection string from the footer (by @sandorfr).
* **Added** – Add Dashboard UI Resource zh-TW (by @crablin).
* **Fixed** – OutOfMemoryException in dashboard when arguments are too big.
* **Fixed** – DisplayNameAttribute doesn't work when using dashboard in .NET Core (PR #1154).
* **Fixed** – Update rickshaw css to match the js version (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Bad exception when Job.FromExpression fails to resolve method for explicit interface implementations (by @f00).
* **Fixed** – Missing intValue-values in "/stats" endpoint (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Logging doesn't work with log4net integration in .NET Core (by @evollu).
* **Fixed** – Fix nuspec pointing to version of Newtonsoft.Json that does not exist (by @mvestergaard)
* **Fixed** – Server start time has a bad tooltip position (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Prevent connection string from blowing mobile page layout (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Number of recurring jobs per page is now correct (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Project** – Get rid of all the compile-time warnings (by @liakamp).
* **Project** – More details for build instructions for the project (by @kristofferjalen).
* **Project** – Unable to build project with space in folder path (by @stefanviberg).

**Hangfire.AspNetCore**

* **Added** – More Hangfire-related services are now registered in an IoC container (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Queue parameter is ignored in .NET Core when creating a job (by @pieceofsummer).
* **Fixed** – Fix issue with configuration block not called on .NET Core (by @pieceofsummer).

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – Rare deadlocks in SQL Server caused by the SetRangeInHash command.
