---
title: Hangfire 1.6.20
author: odinserj
category: [release, security, hangfire-core]
---

This release **contains fixes for security issues** related to dashboard, so it is highly recommended to upgrade. [Cross-Site Request Forgery](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_(CSRF)_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet) protection was added by using existing libraries, but methods are different across application frameworks:

* For ASP.NET Core, no additional configuration is required, since [`Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery/) package is used to generate and validate tokens. Dependency injection is used to obtain the implementation and apply it when available.
* For other frameworks, additional configuration is required based on an abstract `IOwinDashboardAntiforgery` interface, because the available implementation is tightly coupled with the `System.Web.Helpers` assembly. Please check [this gist](https://gist.github.com/odinserj/4d3e3c5fbcc6c3dc83488a5738591ad1) to learn how to enable antiforgery token validation on ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC platforms.

Other important updates include a new retry implementation for state changes in the `Worker` class to avoid any reads and writes whenever it is possible for a job's distributed lock to be abandoned, because it may lead to consistency issues.  Transitions directly to the Failed state without applying the job filters were also disabled, because such a behavior is not a determined one.

Also, looks like waiting on `CancellationToken.WaitHandle` rarely leads to high CPU usage. I was unable to reveal the exact reason for this, but any other implementation, including using `Task.Delay` or own tandem of `CancellationToken.Register` with `ManualResetEvent` works fine without such issues.

**Hangfire.Core**

* **SECURITY** – Add "robots" meta tag to ensure browser don't index dashboard pages.
* **SECURITY** – Add support for antiforgery validation to prevent CSRF attacks (requires configuration).

* **Fixed** – Perform state change retries using a fresh connection when job's distributed lock may be abandoned.
* **Fixed** – Disallow transitions to the Failed state on retries that bypass all the filters.
* **Fixed** – Remove possible rare CPU spikes due to the use of `CancellationToken.WaitHandle`.
* **Fixed** – Avoid resolving types and methods for logging in static constructors that may lead to process shutdown.
* **Fixed** – Prevent Recurring jobs dashboard from throwing `NullReferenceException` (by @mattkwiecien).
* **Fixed** – Replace wall clocks with monotonic ones when calculating local timeouts.
* **Fixed** – Change logger initialization to be deterministic and predictable by using instance fields.
* **Fixed** – Make `_currentLogProvider` field access to use volatile reads/writes.
* **Fixed** – Typo in `NotSupportedException`'s message (by @benrick).
* **Fixed** – Typo on the Failed jobs page (by @gareth-evans).

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – Remove the synthetic limitation to support Azure SQL Management instance (by @TimSQL).

**Hangfire.AspNetCore**

* **SECURITY** – Use ASP.NET Core's built-in antiforgery validation to prevent CSRF attacks.
