---
title: Hangfire 1.6.22
author: odinserj
category: [release, hangfire-core]
---

This version finally fixes interoperability issues that arise, because primitive built-in types like `String` reside in assemblies with different name in .NET Core (`System.Private.CoreLib.dll`) and .NET Framework (`mscorlib.dll`). This led to `JobLoadException` in .NET Framework-based applications, when they tried to perform background jobs created by a .NET Core-based one. The new version solves this problem by re-writing assembly name when resolving a type for a job and its parameters.

The new version also brings support for custom type resolver callbacks that you can specify by calling the `IGlobalConfiguration.UseTypeResolver` method, so you can use it in non-trivial cases. Additionally, there's now a way to strip assembly version and private key when resolving a type. This is useful, when you are storing your background jobs in signed assemblies and want to change its version without causing a lot of `JobLoadException`. Please see the following code snippet to enable this behavior.

<pre><code><span class="type">GlobalConfiguration</span>.Configuration
    .UseXXX()
    .UseIgnoredAssemblyVersionTypeResolver();</code></pre>

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Ability to use custom type resolvers to modify the type de-serialization logic.
* **Fixed** – `JobLoadException` when processing jobs in .NET Framework, which were created in .NET Core.
* **Fixed** – `JobLoadException` when jobs reside in a signed assembly and a new version is deployed.
* **Fixed** – Don't produce extra logging message when there's an exception in a worker.
* **Fixed** – Ensure form values are properly returned when there are different versions of Microsoft.Owin (by @DC-jc).
* **Fixed** – Dashboard fails with 404 "Not Found" error if there's a trailing slash for some reason.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Added** – Connection factory overload for the `SqlServerStorage` class (by @chinwobble).
* **Fixed** – Inability to use package with Azure's managed service identity (by using a connection factory).