---
title: Hangfire 1.7.3 and 1.6.26
author: odinserj
category: [release, security]
---

This version contains **security fixes** to prevent possible XSS attacks as described in [#1441](https://github.com/HangfireIO/Hangfire/issues/1441). They don't relate to user data submitted to Hangfire directly via method arguments, but it's recommended to upgrade anyway. If you are using Hangfire 1.6, please upgrade to version [1.6.26](https://github.com/HangfireIO/Hangfire/releases/tag/v1.6.26) instead.

<dl>
<dt>Affected Packages</dt><dd>Hangfire.Core &le; 1.6.25, 1.7.0, 1.7.1, 1.7.2</dd>
<dt>Affected Platforms</dt><dd>All, including .NET Core, .NET Framework, Mono of any version</dd>
</dl>

### Steps to reproduce

```csharp
public static void Xss()
{
    BackgroundJob.Enqueue(() => Xss2());
}

public static void Xss2()
{
    throw new Exception("<script>alert(1);</script>");
}
```

### Release notes

**Hangfire.Core**

* **SECURITY** – Use `HtmlEncode` in all remaining places in Dashboard UI to prevent XSS attacks.
* **Added** – Added Dutch language, and updated missing translation on "Servers" page (by @r-win).
* **Added** – `Cron.Never` method for adding manual recurring jobs that never fire (by @michaltalaga).
* **Fixed** – Add missing `AddOrUpdate` extension methods for the `IRecurringJobManager` interface.
* **Deprecated** – Unused `HtmlHelper.FormatProperties` method is now obsolete.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – Wrong error message in migration script, when @CurrentSchemaVersion has a NULL value (by @penenkel).

### Reporting security issues 

In order to give the community time to respond and upgrade we strongly urge you report all security issues privately. Please email us at [support@hangfire.io](support@hangfire.io) with details and we will respond ASAP. Security issues always take precedence over bug fixes and feature work. We can and do mark releases as "urgent" if they contain serious security fixes. 
