---
title: Hangfire 1.7.20
author: odinserj
category: [release, hangfire-core]
---

This maintenance release adds Norwegian translation, fixes problem with changing time zone of a recurring job, contains improvements for .NET Core integration and fixes `Schema 6` migration (for those who didn't apply it yet) that modifies the last `Id` column that's still based on `Int32` type, to use `Int64` instead. 

Nobody reported yet that their 2,147,483,648th job in SQL Server was failed to be enqueued, and I hope nobody faced this problem yet. I didn't create a new migration for this patch release, because nobody expects that new patch will migrate anything. But it is possible to run the following queries to patch the schema manually if you already processed more than 2 billions of background jobs using Hangfire.SqlServer storage.

This change will also be included in `Schema 8` migration for the Hangfire 1.8.0 release. Please note that `HangFire` schema name can be different in your environment.

```sql
ALTER TABLE [HangFire].[JobQueue] DROP CONSTRAINT [PK_HangFire_JobQueue];
ALTER TABLE [HangFire].[JobQueue] ALTER COLUMN [Id] BIGINT NOT NULL;
ALTER TABLE [HangFire].[JobQueue] ADD CONSTRAINT [PK_HangFire_JobQueue] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ([Queue] ASC, [Id] ASC);
```

Thank you [Kristian Hellang](https://github.com/khellang), [Lucas Martins Prestini](https://github.com/Prestini) and [penenkel](https://github.com/penenkel) for your help in making this release!

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Norwegian translations (by @khellang).
* **Fixed** – Correction on brazilian portuguese translations (by @Prestini).
* **Fixed** – Changing time zone of recurring job without changing cron expression causes immediate execution.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – `Schema 6` migration now fixes problem that prevents 2,147,483,648th job from being enqueued.

**Hangfire.NetCore** and **Hangfire.AspNetCore**

* **Added** – An overload for `AddHangfireServer` utilizing `IServiceProvider` (by @penenkel).
* **Added** – `IBackgroundJobClientFactory` and `IRecurringJobManagerFactory` interfaces to fix the following bug.
* **Fixed** – Dashboard UI is unable to 'requeue' job on other then default `JobStorage`.
