---
title: Hangfire 1.7.24
author: odinserj
category: release
---

This is a maintenance release that adds support for async authorization filters via the new `DashboardOptions.AsyncAuthorization` property, contains small improvements for the Dashboard UI and stops using `readcommittedlock` table hint when not required in the Hangfire.SqlServer package.

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Support for async auth methods via the `DashboardOptions.AsyncAuthorization` property (by @rosenbjerg).
* **Fixed** – Error alert in Dashboard UI is now correctly shown when sidebar is present (by @danillewin).
* **Fixed** – Reference an empty favicon in Dashboard UI to prevent backend 404s (by @dan2468).
* **Fixed** – Back-to-site link text in Dashboard UI is now hidden on small screens (by @danillewin).
* **Fixed** – Avoid memory leak in the `AppBuilderExtensions` class (by @LordJZ).
* **Fixed** – Make the `TypeHelper` class public instead of internal to use it outside.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Changed** – Don't use the `readcommittedlock` table hint when not required.
* **Project** – Stop using `TransactionScope` class in tests, re-create database instead.
* **Project** – Make it possible to run SQL Server tests on Mono on Linux.

**Hangfire.AspNetCore**

* **Added** – Support for async auth methods via the `DashboardOptions.AsyncAuthorization` property (by @rosenbjerg).
* **Added** – Authorization policy support via the new `MapHangfireDashboardWithAuthorizationPolicy` method (by @dasiths).
