---
title: Hangfire 1.8.0 Betas
author: odinserj
category: [release, hangfire-core]
---

Hangfire 1.8.0-beta2 and beta1 recently released. The new versions bring a lot of improvements to create more complex workflows with new continuation options, improve role of the `DeletedState` that now has its own exception information and displayed on graphs when supported by an underlying storage, bring more methods for underlying abstractions to reduce the number of round-trips to a storage and other features as well. Also this version has better defaults for Hangfire.SqlServer package, and sliding invisibility timeout option will now be used by default.

Please note this is a pre-release version so it should be used only in development and staging environments. The final release should be available in Sep/Oct 2021 after adding a ton of unit and integration tests. Upgrade notes will only be available slightly before the final release is made, however breaking changes are avoided at all costs – just don't use the new features before upgrading the whole environment to the latest version.

### Release Notes

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Display deleted jobs in the Realtime and History graphs when supported by storage.
* **Added** – `DeletedState` now have the persisted `Exception` property.
* **Added** – `JobContinuationOptions.OnlyOnDeletedState` to create continuations after a failure.
* **Added** – `Exception` job parameter is passed to continuation when `UseResultsInContinuations` method is used.
* **Added** – `FromExceptionAttribute` to deal with an antecedent exception in a background job continuation.
* **Added** – Allow to filter exception types in `AutomaticRetryAttribute` by using the new `OnlyOn` property.
* **Added** – `IBackgroundProcess.UseBackgroundPool` now allows to pass thread configuration logic.
* **Added** – `IGlobalConfiguration.UseJobDetailsRenderer` method for custom renderers.
* **Added** – `BackgroundJobServerOptions.WorkerThreadConfigurationAction` option
* **Added** – Allow to pass custom data to `ApplyStateContext` and `ElectStateContext` instances.
* **Added** – Preserve custom data dictionary between the entire filter chain.
* **Added** – `IGlobalConfiguration.UseDashboardMetrics` extension method to pass multiple metrics at once.
* **Added** – State renderer for the `DeletedState` to display its new exception property.
* **Added** – Virtual `JobStorage.GetReadOnlyConnection` method intended to return `JobStorageConnection` for replicas.
* **Added** – Virtual `JobStorage.HasFeature` method for querying optional features.
* **Added** – Optional `GetSetCount` and `GetUtcDateTime` methods for the `JobStorageConnection` class.
* **Added** – Optional `AcquireDistributedLock` and `RemoveFromQueue` methods for the `JobStorageTransaction` class.
* **Added** – Support for transactional acknowledge using new storage method for better handling some data loss scenarios.
* **Added** – `Factory`, `StateMachine` and `Performer` properties to context classes to avoid injecting services.
* **Added** – Allow to pass transaction to background job state changer when new methods implemented.
* **Added** – Optional `ParametersSnapshot` property for `BackgroundJob` and `JobData` classes to minimize roundtrips in future.
* **Added** – `MisfireHandlingMode.Strict` to create job for each missed recurring job occurrence.
* **Added** – Allow to pass parameters when creating a job (by @brian-knoll-micronetonline).
* **Added** – Make it possible to use multiple `JobContinuationOptions` for a continuation.
* **Added** – `CreateJob` method to the `JobStorageTransaction` abstract class.
* **Added** – `SetJobParameter` method to the `JobStorageTransaction` abstract class.
* **Changed** – Use the `AttemptsExceededAction.Delete` option by default in the global automatic retry filter.
* **Changed** – Move job to the `DeletedState` instead of `SucceededState` when its invocation was canceled by a filter.
* **Changed** – `FromParameterAttribute`-based logic now always overwrites arguments, even with non-null values.
* **Changed** – Improved display of real-time chart with more accents on failed and deleted jobs.
* **Changed** – Ignore some members when serializing a `JobFilterAttribute` instance to decrease size
* **Changed** – `ServerHeartbeatProcess` now uses `ThreadPriority.AboveNormal` to prioritize heartbeats.
* **Changed** – Allow to query job parameters without roundtrip when supported by a storage.
* **Changed** – Turn `JobContinuationOptions` enum into flags while still possible.
* **Changed** – Fetch "Retries" metric with other statistics when supported by storage.
* **Changed** – Avoid storage roundtrip to query job data in worker, take data from previous state change.
* **Changed** – Don't overwrite existing argument values with null job parameters when using `FromParameter` attribute.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Added** – Recommended Schema 8 migration with fixed `JobQueue.Id` column to use `bigint` type.
* **Added** – `SqlServerStorageOptions.PreferMicrosoftDataSqlClient` option to use the corresponding package.
* **Added** – `SqlServerStorage.SchemaVersion` metric for Dashboard UI.
* **Added** – Implement optional experimental transactional acknowledge for SQL Server (`UseTransactionalAcknowledge` option).
* **Changed** – Sliding invisibility timeout-based fetching method is now used by default with 5 minute timeout.
* **Changed** – Set default value for the `QueuePollInterval` option to `TimeSpan.Zero`.
* **Changed** – Use command batching by default with 5-minute maximum timeout.
* **Changed** – Enable `UseRecommendedIsolationLevel` option by default.

**Hangfire.NetCore** and **Hangfire.AspNetCore**

* **Added** – `IApplicationBuilder.UseHangfireServer` that accepts custom factory for `IBackgroundProcessingServer`.
