---
title: Hangfire 1.8.0-beta3
author: odinserj
category: release
---

This beta finally adds the `Queue` property directly to a job and adds all the required overloads to `BackgroundJob`, `RecurringJob` classes and `IBackgroundJobClient` and `IRecurringJobManager` interfaces to specify queues dynamically at run-time and preserve them between retries. Dashboard UI is now implemented in full-width, so long method names are no longer a problem.

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – Introduce the `Job.Queue` property, so jobs now can have their own queue specified.
* **Added** – Method overloads to create recurring jobs directly with a custom default queue.
* **Added** – Method overloads to create background jobs directly with a custom default queue.
* **Added** – `IBackgroundJobClient.Create` method overloads with the new `queue` parameter.
* **Added** – Experimental `JobStorageConnection.SetContains` method.
* **Added** – Pass `ServerId` to `FailedState` instances to simplify the debugging on different servers.
* **Changed** – Dashboard UI now have full-width layout to display more data (by @danillewin).
* **Changed** – Query time from storage in recurring and delayed schedulers when supported by storage.
* **Changed** – Speedup delayed jobs when custom default queue is specified by avoiding extra state transition.
* **Changed** – Display scheduled job count when enqueued count is zero on the main metric.
* **Changed** – Don't display queue name in state transition list when it's the `default` one.
* **Changed** – Re-implement `TaskExtensions.WaitOneAsync` only with the `RegisterWaitForSingleObject` method.
* **Changed** – Expose state data dictionaries in list DTOs when supported by storage.
* **Changed** – Make it possible to display methods of non-loaded jobs in Dashboard UI when supported by storage.
* **Fixed** – Check job details for the `null` value before passing it to renderers (regression).
* **Deprecated** – `AddOrUpdate` overloads with optional params defined in the `RecurringJobManagerExtensions` class.
* **Deprecated** – `AddOrUpdate` overloads with optional parameters defined in the `RecurringJob` class.
* **Deprecated** – `AddOrUpdate` method overloads with no `recurringJobId` parameter.
* **Deprecated** – `RecurringJobOptions.QueueName` property, new methods should be used instead.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Added** – Implement the `Connection.GetUtcDateTime` feature to make work new changes in schedulers.
* **Changed** – Display scheduled and processing jobs in the ascending order in Dashboard UI.
