---
title: Hangfire 1.7.29
author: odinserj
category: release
---

This is a maintenance release that adds more protection to its internal components to prevent and diagnose high CPU consumption when something goes wrong with wait implementation. Uncatchable exceptions like `OutOfMemoryException` and `StackOverflowException` are not not handled by Hangfire to avoid leaving the process in a inconsistent state. Finally command batching now works with Microsoft.Data.SqlClient package. Also some very minor features were added, please see the release notes for details.

Thanks to @twinmind, @0xced and @Westat-Transportation for their help with this release!

**Hangfire.Core**

* **Added** – `RecurringJobManager.TriggerExecution` method that returns identifier of a created job.
* **Added** – `GetRecurringJobIds` extension method for `JobStorageConnection` that returns only identifiers.
* **Added** – `DashboardMetric.Url` property to make it possible for metrics on the Overview page to be clickable (by @twinmind).
* **Changed** – Bump Moment.js version to 2.29.3 in Dashboard UI (by @Westat-Transportation).
* **Fixed** – Deserialization issues with `DateOnly` and `TimeOnly` in .NET 6.0 or other new types in CoreLib.
* **Fixed** – Don't even try to catch unsafe exceptions like `OutOfMemoryException` or `StackOverflowException`.
* **Fixed** – Add non-breaking space between Server Id and Status glyph on the Servers page.
* **Fixed** – Problems with internal wait implementation shouldn't cause high CPU issues now, added protection and logging.
* **Fixed** – Wait can't be performed now on a signaled `ManualResetEvent` instance in `BackgroundExecution`.

**Hangfire.SqlServer**

* **Fixed** – Command batching is now fully working for the Microsoft.Data.SqlClient package (by @0xced).
