---
title: Hangfire 1.8.1
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-core]
summary: Correcting release that adds missing configuration methods and contains important fixes for Hangfire.SqlServer.
---

Correcting release that adds missing configuration methods, contains important fixes for the Hangfire.SqlServer storage and adds some tweaks for the Dashboard UI.

#### Hangfire.Core

* **Added** – `MisfireHandlingMode.Ignorable` to avoid scheduling recurring jobs on missed schedules.
* **Added** – Support disabling dark mode via the `DashboardOptions.DarkModeEnabled` property.
* **Changed** – Remove the 1-hour limitation for the `WithJobExpirationTimeout` configuration method.
* **Fixed** – Add missing `UseDefaultCulture` configuration method overloads.
* **Fixed** – Add missing `UseDashboardStylesheet` and `UseJobDetailsRenderer` configuration methods.
* **Fixed** – Give even more space for identifiers on the Recurring Jobs page.
* **Fixed** – `state-card-state-active` color is not very dark (by @coolhome).
* **Fixed** – Slightly change chart proportions to fit 4K in Dashboard UI.

#### Hangfire.SqlServer

* **Fixed** – Blocked workers regression since 1.7.28 when using multiple servers inside a process.
* **Fixed** – Target schema version is less than the current schema version error.
* **Fixed** – Implement database metrics without the need for additional permissions.
* **Fixed** – Use the `forceseek` table hint whenever possible to avoid performance drops.
      
#### Hangfire.NetCore

* **Fixed** – Add `net461` target for Hangfire.NetCore package to avoid missing method exceptions.
