---
title: Hangfire 1.8.7
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-core]
summary: Maintenance release that brings numerous minor fixes and improvements for the different parts of Hangfire.
---

Maintenance release that brings numerous minor fixes and improvements for the different parts of Hangfire.

#### Hangfire.Core

* **Added** – Allow using macro expressions like `@hourly` for recurring jobs (by @MuhamedAbdalla).
* **Added** – Show storage time in page footer when supported by storage implementation.
* **Added** – Show duration and latency columns separately on the Succeeded Jobs page when supported.
* **Added** – Show the exception column on the Deleted Jobs page when available and supported by storage.
* **Changed** – Reduce package size by stripping unnecessary locales in Moment.js.
* **Changed** – Bump Microsoft.Owin package to version 4.2.2.
* **Changed** – Log a warning message when a server listens to unsupported queue names (by @MuhamedAbdalla).
* **Changed** – Use storage time, if available, to show delay warnings in the Dashboard UI.
* **Fixed** – Proper rendering of generic arguments on the Job Details page (by @olivermue).
* **Fixed** – Language inconsistency in the Dashboard UI related to date/time description.
* **Fixed** – Big stack traces take too long time to be formatted.
* **Fixed** – Don't throw `NullReferenceException` from the Scheduled Jobs page when there's a job with missing data.
* **Fixed** – Don't throw `NullReferenceException` from the Processing Jobs page when there's a job with missing data.
* **Fixed** – CSS for Enqueued and Deleted state cards in dark theme.
* **Fixed** – Log errors instead of throwing an exception when a particular table can't be cleaned.
* **Fixed** – Avoid logging fatal exceptions when stopping a faulting background process.
* **Fixed** – Don't display checkboxes in the Dashboard UI when job details can not be fetched.
* **Fixed** – Scrollbars in WebKit-based browsers are now dark in dark mode.
* **Project** – Disable tests for `netcoreapp1.0` and `netcoreapp2.1` targets since they aren't supported in AppVeyor.
* **Project** – Add a `net6.0` target for unit tests instead of the removed ones.
* **Project** – Modernise projects and build environments to use the newest features.

#### Hangfire.SqlServer

* **Changed** – Avoid throwing an exception when a connection string has duplicate property names.
* **Project** – Disable tests for `netcoreapp1.0` and `netcoreapp2.1` targets since they aren't supported in AppVeyor.
* **Project** – Add a `net6.0` target for unit tests instead of the removed ones.
* **Project** – Modernise projects and build environments to use the newest features.
