---
title: Hangfire.Pro.Redis 3.0.0
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-pro]
summary: Accompanies Hangfire 1.8.0 release, it supports new storage features like first-class queues support, fewer network calls, and single time authority for schedulers.
---

Accompanying the release of [Hangfire 1.8.0](/blog/2023/04/28/hangfire-1.8.0.html), it supports all the new storage features, including first-class support for explicit queues for jobs, reduced number of network calls when creating or processing background jobs and Redis Server as a time authority for schedulers.

* **Breaking** – Packages now depend on the Hangfire.Core 1.8.0 version.
* **Breaking** – Replace the `net45` target with `net451` one as the former is not supported.
* **Breaking** – Remove the `Hangfire.Pro.Redis.StrongName` package as it's unnecessary.
* **Changed** – Built-in support for `SslProtocols.Tls13` when no protocols specified in `netcoreapp3.0` and later.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Connection.GetSetContains` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Connection.GetSetCount.Limited` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Monitoring.AwaitingJobs` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Transaction.AcquireDistributedLock` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Transaction.CreateJob` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Job.Queue` feature for the storage to directly support queues.
* **Changed** – Implement methods required to show deleted job counts in history charts.
* **Changed** – Implement the transactional message acknowledges feature.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Connection.BatchedGetFirstByLowestScoreFromSet` feature.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Connection.GetUtcDateTime` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Implement the `Transaction.SetJobParameter` feature for the storage.
* **Changed** – Populate the new `JobData.ParametersSnapshot` property to speed up the processing.
