---
title: Hangfire.Pro 3.0.0
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-pro]
summary: Based on Hangfire 1.8, it supports new storage methods to reduce the number of roundtrips to storage, adds batch-related widgets to the Job Details page, and allows the use of a stricter Content Security Policy.
---

This release uses new features of [Hangfire 1.8](/blog/2023/04/28/hangfire-1.8.0.html) to make batches even better. It supports new storage methods to have fewer storage roundtrips, allows explicit queues for batch continuations, adds new widgets to the Job Details page to simplify the navigation between jobs and those batches, and supports a stricter Content Security Policy for Dashboard UI.

* **Breaking** – Bump the `Hangfire.Core` dependency version to 1.8.0.
* **Added** – "Parent Batch" and "Batch Continuations" widgets for the Job Details page.
* **Added** – `ContinueBatchWith` method overloads with the explicit queue parameter.
* **Changed** – Move inline styles and scripts to external files, allowing strict CSP to be used.
* **Changed** – Use new methods to optimize `GetSetCount` operations to avoid roundtrips to storage.
* **Changed** – Format metric values via the `CultureInfo.CurrentCulture`.
* **Changed** – Detect menu item activeness using the `OrdinalIgnoreCase` comparison.
* **Changed** – Use the `GetReadOnlyConnection` method in the Dashboard UI whenever possible.
* **Changed** – Allow the use of cached `BatchId` parameter values to avoid storage roundtrip
* **Fixed** – Make `ContinueBatchWith` with async methods to be supported in .NET Framework platforms.
* **Deprecated** – Remove obsolete `ContinueWith`, `AwaitBatch`, and `AwaitJob` method overloads.
* **Deprecated** – Remove obsolete `ContinueJobWith` overloads with the wrong options type
* **Project** – Enable static analysis via the Microsoft.CodeAnalysys.NetAnalyzers package.
