---
title: Hangfire 1.8.16
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-core]
summary: Fixed regressions from 1.8.15, safe defaults for the Newtonsoft.Json package when previous versions are used and project-related tunings to speed up the build pipeline.
---

Patch release with fixed regressions from 1.8.15, safe defaults for the Newtonsoft.Json package when previous versions are used and project-related tunings to speed up the build pipeline.

#### Hangfire.Core

* **Changed** – Include fewer stack frames in exceptions come from `IServerFilter` implementations.
* **Changed** – Don't include file information in the `ExceptionDetails` property of a FailedState instance.
* **Changed** – Switch back to `CancellationEvent` usage instead of `CancellationToken.WaitHandle`.
* **Fixed** – Don't commit external transaction in the `BackgroundJobStateChanger` implementation.
* **Fixed** – Use safe default serializer settings for Newtonsoft.Json 12.X and below.
* **Project** – Fix builds for the `net451` platform when using .NET 9.0.
* **Project** – Significantly reduce execution time of unit tests in the `RecurringJobSchedulerFacts` class.
* **Project** – Bump `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.NetAnalyzers` package to version 9.0.0.

#### Hangfire.SqlServer

* **Changed** – Use vanilla ADO.NET when fetching a job in the `SqlServerJobQueue` implementation.
* **Changed** – Decrease the `LockTimeout` time when calling the `sp_getapplock` procedure to 1 second for less blocking.
* **Fixed** – SqlException: Must declare the scalar variable "key" in delayed and recurring job schedulers.
* **Project** – Disable parallel tests execution when building under .NET 9.0.
* **Project** – Run tests over the latest Microsoft.Data.SqlClient package and the `net6.0` platform.
* **Project** – Reduce execution time of integration tests.
* **Project** – Disable `PoolBlockingPeriod` setting on AppVeyor to handle transient test failures.
