---
title: Hangfire 1.8.15
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-core]
summary: New AutomaticRetryAttribute.ExceptOn property to skip retries for specific exceptions, improved loopback address detection, fixed localization-related issues, fixed build failure with the `build.bat` command on first restore and decreased pressure on Garbage Collector.
---

Maintenance release with the new `AutomaticRetryAttribute.ExceptOn` property to skip retries for specific exceptions, improved loopback address detection, fixed localization-related issues, fixed build failure with the `build.bat` command on first restore and decreased pressure on Garbage Collector.

#### Hangfire.Core

* **Added** – New `AutomaticRetryAttribute.ExceptOn` property to skip retries for specific exceptions.
* **Changed** – Refactor filters pipeline to use less LINQ magic and fewer allocations.
* **Changed** – Use `GetCultureInfo` instead of creating an instance in the `CaptureCultureAttribute` filter.
* **Changed** – Cache some immutable data to avoid extra allocations.
* **Fixed** – Improve loopback address detection (by @meziantou).
* **Fixed** – Reformulate misleading error messages regarding retry timings (by @RGFuaWVs).
* **Fixed** – Problem with missing localizations in the previous version.
* **Fixed** – Don't hide exception details on Failed Jobs page when the exception message is empty.
* **Fixed** – Problems with the first restore when using the `build.bat` command.
* **Fixed** – Better display of canceled recurring jobs in dashboard.
* **Fixed** – Less overall allocations with using static delegates and struct-based iterators.
* **Fixed** – Improve precision of some diagnostic messages in the wait protection logic.
* **Fixed** – Make all private and internal classes sealed to improve code consistency.
* **Fixed** – Less overall pressure on garbage collector.

#### Hangfire.SqlServer

* **Changed** – Use query template caching based on schema name to avoid excessive `string` allocations.
* **Changed** – Use static callbacks almost anywhere to avoid unnecessary delegate allocations.
* **Changed** – Use `QuerySingle`* or `ReadSingle`* where possible to avoid allocating lists.
* **Changed** – Unify `DbCommand` and `DbParameter` creation logic to improve code consistency.
