---
title: Hangfire 1.8.22
author: odinserj
category: [release, news, hangfire-core]
summary: Fixed InvalidOperationException when creating a job in older schema versions with Hangfire.SqlServer and a few other minor fixes and improvements.
---

Maintanance release with fixed `InvalidOperationException` when creating a job with Hangfire.SqlServer in older schema versions, un-deprecated interval methods in the `Cron` class, and a few other minor fixes and improvements.

#### Hangfire.Core

* **Added** – `IGlobalConfiguration.UseNoOpLogProvider` method to disable logging.
* **Changed** – Un-deprecate interval methods in the `Cron` class, add remarks in docs instead.
* **Changed** – Bump internalized version of Cronos to 0.11.1.
* **Changed** – Bump internalized version of Microsoft.Owin to 4.2.3.
* **Fixed** – Serialization of arrays of nested types `SimpleAssemblyTypeSerializer`.
* **Fixed** – Remove wrong escaping characters in Portuguese translations on the "Servers" page.
* **Fixed** – Properly remove registered `IBackgroundProcessingServer` instances on OWIN app shutdown.
* **Fixed** – `AspNetShutdownDetector` for early ASP.NET shutdown detection is not working (regression from 1.7.30).
* **Project** – Replace the `netcoreapp3.1` target with the `net8.0` one in tests.

#### Hangfire.SqlServer

* **Fixed** – `InvalidCastException` when creating a background job with Schema 5 (regression from 1.8.15).
* **Project** – Replace the `netcoreapp3.1` target with the `net8.0` one in tests.

#### Hangfire.AspNetCore

* **Added** – `MapHangfireDashboardWithNoAuthorizationFilters` method, which does not include local-only filters.
* **Changed** – Set 404 status code when `MapHangfireDashboard` is used and no dispatcher is found.
* **Fixed** – `InvalidOperationException` upon receiving a request for 'hangfire/bootstrap.min.css.map'.
