---
title: Hangfire.Pro.Redis 3.2.0 & 2.10.0
author: odinserj
category: [news, release, hangfire-pro]
summary: Improved resilience to network problems, fixed edge cases of fault detectors and updated version of a custom StachExchange.Redis package.
---

This minor release provides improved logic for resilience to network problems, a number of improvements to edge
cases of fault detector implementations, and includes an updated version of StackExchange.Redis binaries with
better cluster node detection logic and improved handling of faulted connections.

* Added – Allow using a LUA-based fault detector with the new `UseExperimentalFaultDetector` storage option.
* Added – Periodic explicit checks for new jobs while in the subscription mode.
* Added – Periodic role checks for the current primary endpoint to detect silent fail-overs.
* Added – Log background jobs evicted from their queue by fault detector.
* Changed – Don't create a fake state transition entry when fault detector re-queues a job.
* Changed – Use LUA script instead of conditional transactions when removing a server by heartbeat.
* Changed – Update StackExchange.Redis binaries to 1.2.7-build-00086 with better endpoints detection in a cluster mode.
* Fixed – Possible scheduled jobs getting stuck when a queue is set explicitly.
* Fixed – Remove fetched and expired jobs immediately, instead of re-queueing them.
* Fixed – Ensure we always ping the primary endpoint when waiting for events.
* Fixed – Increase the chances of immediate requeue on shutdown.
* Fixed – Decrease the chances of leaving a lock active on shutdown.
* Fixed – Clean up all flags related to different fault detectors in the LUA-based implementation.
* Fixed – Fault detector doesn't process the same identifier multiple times.
* Fixed – Don't pass `AddressFamily.Unspecified` text to log messages to avoid confusion.
